Argos Downloader
================

The Argos Downloader is a console application (no user interface). It is meant
to be run periodically by a scheduler. It must be run with an account that has
permissions to the database (more below)

It takes no command line arguments.

It gets a list of Argos collar to download (as well as relevent parameters)
from the view "DownloadableCollars" in the database specified in the
connection string in the config file (ArgosDownloader.exe.config).

The program will not write any messages on the console (except as mentioned
below), or return any code (success or failure) to the shell.

The program will upload any collar data it can download to the CollarFiles
table, by calling the CollarFile_Insert stored procedure.  It will log success
(with a new fileId) or failure (with an error message) in the ArgosDownloads
table by calling the ArgosDownload_Insert stored procedure.  The account that
runs this program must have execute permission on both these stored
procedures.  this is most easily done by adding the user account to the Editor
role in the Animal Movements database.

Any errors or warnings that occur relevant to a specific coller will be
emailed to the email address of the project investigator (PI) that manages
the collar.  If the email address for the PI is empty, then the program will
attempt to send the email to the "system email acount".

Any errors not specifically related to a user, or if there are problems
sending an email to a user are sent to a "system email acount" (sa).  If the
program cannot send a email to the sa, then it will try an append the error
into a log file (ArgosDownloader.log) in the folder with the executable
ArgosDownloader.exe.  The log file will be created if it doesn't exist.  If
the program cannot create or write to the log file, it will write to the
standard output of the console.  If you think there are problems, but you are
not getting any emails or output in the log file, try running the program
manually from the command line shell to see if you get any output on the
console.

In order for emailing to work, the program must have client access to a SMTP
mail system.  Specifically the program is set up to use the Gmail STMP server,
so a valid Gmail username and password is required for emailing to work.  The
usename and password are stored in the database in the Settings table with the
username of "system" and the keys of "sa_email" and "sa_email_password"
respectively. If these do not exist, are not set, or are not set to a valid
gmail account, emailing will not work. Since these credentials are not
secured (anybody with permission to the database can read the settings table,
It is highly recommended that you create a new Gmail account specifically
for this purpose.  You can set up this account to forward email messages to
your protected email account.

TODO - create a new table "SecureSettings" for these credentials, and remove
select permissions to all except the user account that will run the
ArgosDownloader.

